---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: ollie.norton
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 17O2KNh6uUcNOvZdt2qCjUoBcFy9xtzVgsxjjFLFAWLo
published: true
---
        

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 2</td>
    <td>Date: 31/1/17</td>
    <td>31/1/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>With a different partner who was further behind because his partner was ill,</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To help my new partner who was further behind.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, I improves his knowledge and skills.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I already said I was helping someone who was further behind me so I did many of the same exercises. The first one I did was the apples one again, me and my partner went really quickly with this one. We had an efficient strategy which was me reading the code and then my partner putting it in. Next we changed roles and continued another level of the Apples, we made count down until it had no more apples. After that we started a name generator but didn't finish so will continue with it next time from our memory sticks. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to read the whole script including the finger spaces and the inverted commas. That would be so useful as it would mean that I don’t keep on having to correct my partner for my mistakes. Again last week I need to improve my setting up time as my team was one of the last coding. I also need to drill the basic commands into my head as that will make my team so much quicker.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I am going to read out the whole script including the spaces, commas, semicolons etc. This would mean that we don’t have to go back to change them after we have finished the script and ran it and it didn’t work. I will also try and learn my basic commands this week so that before next lesson I will be able to just have them </td>
  </tr>
</table>


