---
title: lesson 1
layout: post
author: ollie.norton
permalink: /lesson-1/
source-id: 1J9gh4-rKXwIU7r9xGYHBrgGv4v2s7IOAA6bBN7N7axg
published: true
---
     

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Start Work on Fuse Box.</td>
    <td>Date: 10/1/17</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Nothing in our Fuse Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for Today</td>
    <td>Learn the basics controls.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, I reached and exceeded my targets for this lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>So I wasn't' there last week because I was ill so my group had to teach me everything, Tommy and Louis were both really good teachers and I learnt the basic controls. First we had to make our monitor say " Hello World" and then waited one second and said it again. After that we made another program which was with boys and girls in the class. Then we saved them both onto all of our memory sticks. After we saved it, we started work on a new program which said that “ we have 6 apples. If we eat one… then we will have five.” I did the programming for that one and Louis read out the code for me.q</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to be able to read and transfer the script more quickly which would make me achieve more in the lesson. That would be so useful and it would benefit my whole team. I also need to improve my setting up time as that will make our team have more time to do coding. The final thing is our group as a whole should improve our saving, as the first time it took about seven minutes, after that we were better but it would be good if we could do it without the struggle at the beginning.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I said in the one above I will concentrate on doing it quickly and correctly to improve my learning. Next time I will know how to save files so that will be a lot quicker, I will also be able to set the the fuze box up quickly and confidently. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


